#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
antropy==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   entropy
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   mne
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   entropy
entropy==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.58.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nolds
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mne
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-vim
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-vim==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
    #   neurokit2
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mne==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne-features
mne-features==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
neurokit2==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
nolds==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antropy
    #   mne-features
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antropy
    #   contourpy
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   mne
    #   mne-features
    #   neurokit2
    #   nolds
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   mne
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
    #   pyogrio
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   mne-features
    #   neurokit2
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyspark
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
pyspark==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne-features
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   neurokit2
    #   pooch
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antropy
    #   mne-features
    #   neurokit2
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antropy
    #   mne
    #   mne-features
    #   neurokit2
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
zipp==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
